Add Contributing criteria (#12)
cosmos/awesome: Contributing.md

# Contributing

Make a pull request against master. If the Pull request is incomplete, you can still open it, but under using the Draft PR feature of Github. 

We encourage everyone building in the ecosystem to make contributions to this repo. 

## Articles & Resources

If you are contributing to the Articles or resources section of the `cosmos/awesome` repo then the article or resources must be read by two reviewers who agree that it should be included. The two readers can be from any organization.

## Wallets & Block Explorers

If you would like to be included in the wallet and/or block explorer section then there a few requirements. 

- Https - wallet, block explorers
- Publication or have spoken about security audit - wallet
- Twitter or Github to contact the developers - wallet, block explorer

## Modules

> If you would like to include your module(s) under the module section, then please link to a readme describing the use of your module and if it depends on any other module(s). The module must be ready to be used in a production setting. If there is a audit associated to the module then please link to it in your module readme or in your repo. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to include your module(s) under the module section, then please link to a readme describing the use of your module, if it depends on other module(s) and which versions of the SDK it is compatible with. The module must be complete if not production-ready. If there is an audit associated with the module then please link to it in your module readme or in your repo. 
```
